Clarifed Glob expressions spec (#67)
editorconfig/specification: index.rst

   * - ``?``
     - any single character, except path separators (``/``)
   * - ``[seq]``

>      - any single character in seq. Note, that anything inside those brackets is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - any single character in seq. Any character inside those brackets is
```

Author: Agree, done

>        considered literally. It means, that pattern [ab*c{1..2}] is considered literally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       considered literally. It means, that pattern ``[ab*c{1..2}]`` is considered literally:
```

Author: Agree, done

       either 'a', or 'b', or '*', or 'c', or '{', or '1', or '.', or '2', or '}'.
   * - ``[!seq]``

>      - any single character not in seq. Note, that anything inside those brackets is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - any single character not in seq. Any character inside those brackets is
```

Author: Also agree, done

       considered literally as well (see example above).
   * - ``{s1,s2,s3}``
     - any of the strings given (separated by commas, can be nested) (But ``{s1}`` only matches ``{s1}`` literally.)
   * - ``{num1..num2}``
     - any integer numbers between ``num1`` and ``num2``, where ``num1`` and ``num2``

>        can be either positive or negative. Either way, the ``num1`` is required to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       can be either positive or negative. ``num1`` must be
```

Author: Okay, agree

>        less than ``num2``. For instance, ``{1..3}``, ``{-1..4}`` are correct, but ``{-4..-5}``,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       less than ``num2``. For instance, ``{1..3}``, ``{-1..4}`` are valid, but ``{-4..-5}``,
```

Author: Agree
